boards: arm: add mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32 (#12951)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32/doc/mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32.rst

.. _mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32:

Mikroe MINI-M4 for STM32
#########################

Overview
********

MINI-M4 for STM32 is a small ARM® Cortex™-M4 development board containing

> `STM32F415RG`_ microcontroller. It is pin compatible with PIC16F887 and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and `STM32F415RG`_ microcontroller. It is pin compatible with PIC16F887 and
```

> PIC18(L)F45K20 microcontrontrollers and it perfectly fits into standard DIP40

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PIC18(L)F45K20 microcontrollers and it perfectly fits into a standard DIP40
```

> socket. Board is equipped with 16MHz SMD crystal oscillator, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
socket. The board is equipped with a 16MHz SMD crystal oscillator, and
```

> 32.768KHz crystal which can be used for internal RTCC module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a 32.768KHz crystal which can be used for the internal RTCC module.
```

> It has reset button and three signal LEDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has a reset button and three signal LEDs.
```

> It operates on 3.3V power supply. On-board voltage regulator allows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It operates on a 3.3V power supply. An on-board voltage regulator allows
```

> the board to be powered directly from USB cable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the board to be powered directly from a USB cable.
```

.. image:: img/mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32.jpg
   :width: 720px
   :align: center
   :alt: MINI-M4 for STM32

Pin Mapping
===========

This port is a starting point for your own customizations and not a complete
port for a specific board. Most of the GPIOs on the STM32 SoC has been exposed
in the external header with silk screen labels that match the SoC's pin names.

> More information on Pin Mapping, please refer to `MINI-M4 for STM32 User Manual`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on Pin Mapping, please refer to `MINI-M4 for STM32 User Manual`_.
```

| Interface | Controller | Driver/Component     |
+===========+============+======================+
| NVIC      | on-chip    | nested vectored      |
|           |            | interrupt controller |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| PINMUX    | on-chip    | pinmux               |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| UART      | on-chip    | serial port          |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+
| GPIO      | on-chip    | gpio                 |
+-----------+------------+----------------------+

Other hardware features are not supported by the Zephyr kernel.

The default configuration can be found in the defconfig file:

	``boards/arm/mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32/mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32_defconfig``

Serial Port
===========

The Zephyr console output is assigned to USART2. Default settings are 115200 8N1.

Programming and Debugging
*************************

Applications for the ``mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32`` board configuration can
be built and flashed in the usual way (see :ref:`build_an_application` and
:ref:`application_run` for more details).

Flashing
========

The initial state of the board is set to lock.

> So when you flash, it fails like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you flash, it will fail with the message:
```

.. code-block:: console

   Error: stm32x device protected

Unlocking with openocd makes it possible to flash.

.. code-block:: console

>    $ openocd -f /usr/share/openocd/scripts/interface/stlink-v2.cfg -f /usr/share/openocd/scripts/target/stm32f4x.cfg -c init -c "reset halt" -c "stm32f4x unlock 0" -c "reset run" -c shutdown

Reviewer: Break this up into multiple lines with a line continuation:
```
$ openocd -f /usr/share/openocd/scripts/interface/stlink-v2.cfg \
    -f /usr/share/openocd/scripts/target/stm32f4x.cfg -c init\
    -c "reset halt" -c "stm32f4x unlock 0" -c "reset run" -c shutdown
```

.. _mikroe_mini_m4_for_stm32:

Mikroe MINI-M4 for STM32
#########################

Overview
********

MINI-M4 for STM32 is a small ARM® Cortex™-M4 development board containing

> and `STM32F415RG`_ microcontroller. It is pin compatible with PIC16F887 and

Reviewer: whoops, change the first ``and`` to ``an``
